hi this is a quick tutorial how you can
embed a 99 polls online poll in a
PowerPoint presentation I think there
are two user cases for this one way you
give people this link allowing people to
vote on a subject and then showing this
result in a PowerPoint slide or
alternatively embedding this in a
PowerPoint sending it to loads of
different people allowing them to vote
and then see the results online so to
see it online
you can vote or you can just click and
see the result so I've only voted once
anyway to embed it in PowerPoint here's
one I did earlier as they say so what I
did is on slide 3 was just embed that
poll here and as I say you can see the
result okay so to embed that in a
PowerPoint slide first of all we need to
add insert slide you'll see I've got
some code here I'll make this available
in the description of the video so if I
just copy this is the code you're gonna
need to use in the following steps I go
to the Developer tab go to more controls
go down to find the shockwave flash
object click it click OK in your cursor
will turn into a crosshair if you drag
that and then if you right click go into
properties see the movie field here in
properties if you click that and paste
what you need to do is where I've
denoted this 5 crosses here we need to
put the code of the online polls so in
here you'll find there's a unique five
digit code so we just need to copy that
copy go back to my powerpoint slide and
just embed that here so now if we close
that and go to present it there's my
hole so you can then do it in real time
and you can see that result
anyway I will make all this available
and you can download this to sort of
inspect and copy the code and what have
you in the description of this video as
well anyway I hope it's useful there are
other propositions I think that do this
you know specialist but this is free
it's unlimited
it's a great site with a great idea and
it's just a way of doing it for free and
PowerPoint anyway I hope it's useful
Thanks